[th2-1929] Fix problem with retry grpc call when a server-side thrown… (#14)
th2-net/th2-grpc-service-generator: README.md

## Release notes

### 3.1.11

> * Fix problem with retry grpc call when a server-side thrown exception

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a problem with retry grpc call when a server-side thrown an exception
```

### 3.1.10

> * Fix bug with using incorrect message if message with same name exist in different proto package;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a bug which uses an incorrect message, if a message with the same name exists in a different proto package;
```
